Tea part 2 - the model (#2153)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/Tutorials/Tea/Index.rst

    Have a look at the directory structure of the example extension and learn
    which files should go where.

#.  :ref:`The model <extbase_tutorial_tea_model>`

>     We define a database scheme and a make it known to TYPO3. Then we create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We define a database schema and a make visible to TYPO3. Then we create
```
